I'm a little high. Do you remember when, uh, do you remember when,
of course we don't. Did you see that missionary?
The Christian missionary went to that island in India.
It's still a Satan island. He's like, no, I'm going to give the word of Jesus.
And Jesus loves you too. And he, and they're like.
Ha, and then killed him instantly. I think he got shot through the island.
Is that what you said?
So Sentinel island, north Sentinel island, they,
they left Africa 60,000 years ago and they been living on this island.
And what's interesting is I say guy, I tweeted it on my page.
There's a guy over and finish him off his fights.
Shout out to fights over powerful.
I always root for over him. Now.
The whole back on that.
Man, 38 still doing it right there too. One more winning. He's the title shot.
He's always that guy.
Roster over it. Well, he's definitely in the hunt for it. I mean, look,
when he fought steep, remember when he hurts deep. Yeah.
It's just as possible that he could have stopped.
And then he thought he tapped on your number and they're like, Joe,
let's bring that up. Well, maybe not there.
Well,
that was when I decided not to interview people that have been killed or just
like, it's not fair that they have a false memory.
Like kosher just got knocked out by [inaudible] dude.
I wouldn't mind seeing him.
Versus France.
Francis again. Are you crazy son? I don't want to see that again.
I don't want to see anybody get hit like that again.
If I go through the rest of my days.
What are we talking about? The Satan guy or the Satan.
Island. Oh, Sentinel. So here's, what's crazy.
They used to be,
they used to be sort of uncontacted but they got contacted in the 18 hundreds by
this guy. Now this is a guy, uh,
on Twitter posted this amazing review of all this stuff is,
is his name is respectable law on, um, on,
on Twitter. So he posted this really long,
detailed history of what happened to these people and a guy named Maurice
vital V V Dow Portman. And this guy, uh,
apparently stayed on the island for a long time.
And people got sick because of these people being there,
they don't have any diarrhea or they have no, well, they have no immunity to,
but he measured their Dick sizes and he measured their balls.
Has he made them pose and all these weird ways, like it's really freaky,
but really, really interesting. He's like,
look at he's measuring the children and stuff like treated him like in weird
home office and stuff, but talked about them like in really weird sexual terms.
And this guy w w it was such a bad experience for those people that, uh,
they're the devil. And it was a bike a hundred years ago.
So when people go back, now, they immediately kill him. So because of this one,
Dick wad that landed there a hundred years ago,
they think of white people as evil.
So these two fishermen fell asleep and I want to say it was like 2006.
They fell asleep in their boat, drifted onto the island. They woke up to him.
They just hatchet him and arrowed them and killed them on the beach. They lived.
They don't around anymore. If you think about it as this one,
if you think about.
It's really smart in a up way, because if they get coming to contact, one of us,
the entire, their entire population could be wiped out because they don't have.
I mean, but they're Satanists, right? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no. He just went there to convert them. I heard this one.
Good morning. No, no, no, no, not good morning.
America said the north Sentinel island preacher,
the last full day Satanist island. Here's the deal. Brendan St.
St. Satan is a Western concept. You just, they have no idea.
They just hate white people. Oh, genius there.
What? They don't like foreign people who's watching. I don't know.
I think they had his name up there. They just didn't say white people.
Cause that one dude came and everything up.
And then I see a white person kill him data. We don't even know their language.
So to say, they're Satan, this is crazy.
It's like saying that you understand what they're saying? That's the rumor.
How big is the, how big is that island? Translator size of Manhattan. Really?
No, they don't have a translator. Eddie.
They don't even have any contact at all. The outside world island guy was there.
It's illegal. That guy got killed and he paid illegally together.
What are they to leave and go to that? Fishermen got arrested.
So there was a cargo ship that ran a ground there many years ago, here,
there is a 1981, uh, and uh, the crew radioed for assistance.
And then they got 50 men with bows and arrows were showing up to try to get to
the boat and they helicoptered them away. God, the boat is still there.
So this is a crazy placement. Sounds like an awesome movie. So I know.
And then from that boat, from that boat, they started getting metal tools.
Cause they didn't have metal before that.
So until the 19 was in 19 80, 81, I think. Yeah.
So now these, these people took pieces of metal and,
and cold forged them into weapons and like pounded them down with
rocks and, and created knives and stuff,
these people are so old school. They're essentially living the same way.
People lived 60,000 years ago.
They'd been on this isolated island ever since then.
We should just fly over and drop a ton of I-phones everywhere. Just a.
They don't know how many of them there are anymore,
but they know their populations are declining. So at once at one point in time,
there was 150 plus documented.
And now they think it might be as low as 39 cause disease and stuff.
They don't have any, probably bored of each other. Stop, you know,
trying to get fish. You don't have time to raise your kid.
Which one are you talking about? Assemblies. Yeah,
they're their populations who left drastically dropping. There's no genetic.
And there's no.
Genetic diversity either. I'm sure. Yeah. I mean 39 folks.
39 folks is a small number. Yeah.
If they're really down to that few and uh, you know, they're real,
real aggressive when anybody comes anywhere near them.
But the thing is now that we all know about it, I mean,
I'm a part of the problem too. Right?
We're all talking about this now that we all know about it.
More people are going to think about going there. I think a hundred.
Percent hear that. And I say, leaving the United States 30%.
Where is that place? Where, where is it? Somewhere off of India.
They have been gone. They have been gone. So it doesn't seem that remote.
If it's in the bay, it's pretty far away. It's far away. It's.
Hard to literally it's illegal. It's.
Like in the middle of the ocean.
So homeboy who's doing God's work. I was like, no, I can do it. And even Ryan,
his journal was like, man, I hope I don't die. If I do my parents,
don't be mad at me. I'm headed this island. What the were you thinking?
Well, he's crazy. He's trying to convert people. He thinks people need Jesus.
The same language. They don't have any idea. What he's saying. He's from oral.
Roberts.
Graduated from oral Roberts university, right? Yeah. See there.
That's where it is. [inaudible].
Way out there. Four and a half stars out of five. So.
Let's go on then.
Oh. So if I go with it, the internet 3000 reviews.
That's given it, all this review is defeated.
Go, go ahead. There you'll go ahead. And then there's a.
Suite four seasons. They have great food. It's called human.
It's going to eat you. Oh, so they,
they killed the guy and then they buried him right on the beach, man.
They just dragged his body out to the beach.
And then the Indian government said, we're not gonna do anything about it.
Did there. That's all they know. Well.
Yeah. I mean, first of all, they,
their law is you can't visit their island. That's their law.
So he was violating their law, him showing up with this book,
I would imagine Dade, they have laws against people visiting, especially whites,
man. That, that story that they tell about that one English guy that went there.
That was a piece of.
Up for.
Everybody. I hope that guy respectable law on Twitter, uh,
understands how much I appreciate that.
Cool. Yeah. So yes, there.
Were flourishing. You need to read Navy.
Seals, take them all out, take them all out.
[Inaudible] that'd be a cool video and massacre.
You never know. I mean, they might have some crazy booby traps.
They might have some Vietcong for.
Right. Beautiful victories. But a Starbucks franchise.
Look at the first one with the locals.
When here was my girlfriend for holiday, I loved it. She wasn't impressed.
Very poor choice for a romantic getaway.
Great choice for anyone looking to rough it up a bit.
Uh, so silly people are so funny. Well,
that island though is, um, there's gotta be.
People going.
That's what I mean. No [inaudible] dumb.
Dan Bilzerian is going to be there next month with a bikini.
It's going to just send a boatload of vape. Pens.
Was taking a, India.
India, India. They.
Came from Africa though. 60,000 years ago. Fly drones over the Thailand.
No closer to Thailand. Yeah. Okay. Pretty much.
How do they know that? I, how,
how would they figure that out if you're not allowed to go on the island,
but they've been around 60,000 years ago.
It's a good question. I dunno. It's tractor. Well, it's like in Papa,
new Guinea, those tribes have been isolated for, for 40,000 years. Yeah. Still.
Yeah, not anymore. But I mean, when Jared diamond went and studied them,
they'd been isolated for that long. They practice weird things too,
like widows strangling and all kinds of stuff with Australians and that one
tribe where you,
where the young boys sock the Cox of the older men and take it in their
as well to become men. So they take in the sperm.
It's not just some weird started that. Exactly.
But if you don't have,
if you don't have somebody to can compete with those ideas,
then that gets passed down as religion.